Add django example (#9)
secrethub/examples: application/django/README.md

> Init the SecretHub demo repo with example values

Reviewer: I think we can extend a little on the overall structure of this readme. For example:
```
# Django application in Docker
<a description of what we're going to run here>

## Prerequisites
1. Docker installed and running

## Running the example
<the steps already in this document>
```

Author: I agree on this. I will add this

```
secrethub demo init
```

Create a service account for the demo repo
```
secrethub service init --description demo_service \

> --permission read --file demo_service.cred <your_username>/demo

Reviewer: Since we're working in a shell anyway, we could also replace `<your_username>` with `${SECRETHUB_USERNAME}` and let the user set it once after `secrethub demo init`. 

@florisvdg what do you think about this?

Reviewer 2: Or what would you think about not using a service account, but a personal account? Password prompt works fine with `docker run`.

Reviewer 2: "Why do I have to create a new account just to run some example code...?"

Reviewer: That would also work. But then the comment is still valid for the next command.

Author: I'll add it in the README.md

```

Build the sinatra docker demo
```
docker build . -t django:demo
```

Run the docker demo with the secrets in the environment variables
```
docker run -ti -p 8080:8000 \
  -e DEMO_USERNAME=secrethub://<your_username>/demo/username \
  -e DEMO_PASSWORD=secrethub://<your_username>/demo/password \
  -e SECRETHUB_CREDENTIAL=$(cat demo_service.cred) \
  django:demo

> ```

Reviewer: How can I check that it is actually working correctly?

Author: Added in the README.md

Reviewer: I expected this to be added here as the last step, something like:

```
If you now visit http://localhost:8080, you should see the welcome message including your username.
```

Author: Added

# Django application in Docker

> This example checks if the environment variables are set with SecretHub run within the Django application. If this is successful, you will receive a code 200 and a Welcome <username> on localhost:8080, if not a code 500 is shown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Django example checks if the environment variables `DEMO_USERNAME` and `DEMO_PASSWORD` are set. If they are, the application responds to requests with a status code 200 and a welcome message. If not, the application responds with status code 500.
```

# Django application in Docker
This example checks if the environment variables are set with SecretHub run within the Django application. If this is successful, you will receive a code 200 and a Welcome <username> on localhost:8080, if not a code 500 is shown. 

## Prerequisites
1. Docker installed and running

> 2. SecretHub installed

Reviewer: We could be the user of service by linking `SecretHub` and `Docker` to their respective install pages.
